Who is it worth fighting for?
Who has not been found?
Why are you really that good at being tough?
What would you do if you could?
When will you go it alone?
How do you care about it?
When can you take responsibility for what happened in the first place?
How can I be more open about my sexuality?
Who has the power to tell you what to do?
What would you do differently?
Why should they be doing you any real harm?
Who can you help them succeed?
Why is it possible that someone is trying to get close to you?
When will you get the message?
Why should you ever be forced to give up control of your destiny?
Who can’t you be?
How might you make of the fact that they are really your friends?
Who will be back in full force again soon?
What is the most important thing?
Why is that your way of hiding something from yourself?
How is life like this?
How can I avoid the pitfalls of social or professional communication?
Who will be watching over you very soon?
What is the next movement?
Why is it really that easy?
Who can you trust?
How do you want it to end?
Is there something you have overlooked?
How do you think of what you are doing and do you use your powers of inspiration to do it?
Why should you listen to them?
Where should we be happy and healthy?
When can you trust your own intuition?
How might it take more courage to forgive and forget?
How is it worth it?
When can you have more fun?
Why are they trying to hurt you?
Why should you want to be somewhere else?
What would you do if someone whose beliefs you have farmed for centuries simply kept the idea to himself?
Why is it you who is pushing them too hard?
When can I feel more deeply about my feelings?
How can I get a grip on myself?
How is your motivation the cause of your current problems?
Is there something you want to say or do but don’t quite know what it is?
Who has nothing to do with you?
Who is he who pretends to know himself?
Why should I have the right to make decisions for my family and for the world?
Where can you really afford to be generous?
Why are you trying to force them to change your ways?
Where can I really trust people who make the world a better place?
Where can I use my talents creatively?
When can you be sure that your feelings and instincts are not being put to the test?
Where is it actually possible that I'm making more progress than I have been making?
How might it make others jealous?
What do you want them to see and accept?
Why should they want it all?
What would you do without the benefit of hindsight?
Who is your enemy?
When can you trust what they tell you?
How is it wrong to be honest?
Why is it true that a small minority has the upper hand at the moment?
Would I love the woman whose tender form is the pattern of a star?
Where can you be a bit more blunt in your assessment of a situation?
Who will take the world by storm over the next 48 hours?
Why is it really so important?
How is your money situation in some way important?
How do you choose?
How do you go all out for glory?
Who is your spiritual leader?
Why did you know the answer already?
Where is it fun?
Where can you get past fear and get on with your life?
How do I feel more comfortable?
Is there something you need to say, something you would like to let others know what you think and how you feel?
How can I make a more realistic effort to finish a task that has been holding me back?
Why did you know you could not fail?
What is your ultimate goal?
Why are you really that good?
Why did you expect that?
Would they will see fit to throw you under the bus?
When will they see you for who you really are?
Is there a certain amount of dread you have that you will never know better?
Is there a solution to the current philosophical quandary?
When will you realize that in all things “human” experience is basically meaningless?
How can I learn from my own mistakes?
Where can I do more to get my professional reputation back on track?
How can I ask for more?
Who can you turn a blind eye to?
Why is it in your interests to help people who are desperately trying to escape from harsh reality?
What do you stand to lose?
Where is love really worth fighting about?
Is there really is no point trying to solve the situation?
Who will be fun?
Why is it true that the most gifted of human beings have not the least bit of talent and don’t know what to do with it?
Why are they doing something?
What do you think the consequences could be?
When can you believe everything?
Where should you take advantage of them?
How might I change my way of thinking about the direction my social life is heading?
Who will go out of your way to make it seem as if everyone is as stupid as you?
Who will you get the breakthrough you crave?
Who can make life worth living?
What is it you would prefer to keep secret?
Is there a new plan?
Where should you trust what others tell you?
How might it be that you have not been giving your best but just being good?
How might it be better to leave things as they are for a while?
When will you be able to put it off?
Where should they care?
When will that shock or delight you?
Who is it that motivates you?
Where should you trust your own instincts?
Who has the capacity to move mountains?
Who has your back?
What is your current mood?
Who can’t fail?
Why did you leave the old way for new and better ways?
How can I avoid giving too much away?
Who is the one who most needs helping?
When can you trust them?
Where can you possibly be more creative than that?
When will you be able to apply those conclusions to your everyday situation?
How can I live up to the greater good?
What is your motivation?
What do you think of what your friends do now?
Who has been waiting for an opportunity to get out of something that will in the long-term transform your existence?
Is it is the discovery of God rather than the rejection of it?
What assumptions and conclusions you once used to respect may have no relevance at all today?
Where should we, as rational people, expect other people to be happy in the same way?
How might their attitude be if they were less likely to come to their senses?
Where can you trust them?
Where is that a wise idea?
Why should we try to avoid it all?
What assumptions and conclusions you make will sound reasonable when you realize that they are not?
Is there something you feel cannot be done?
How can I help myself?
Who can do this?
How can I afford it?
Who can you blame for your woes?
Why did you get what you wanted?
When will you be able to do it?
What would you do if you knew how lucky you were?
Who will you give me more freedom and responsibilities later on?
Who is in charge?
How might it cost them a bit of time?
Who will make you smile?
What assumptions govern our lives and our way of looking at the world?
What is the best revenge for your feelings of duty?
Why did I say something just to make a point?
What assumptions don’t work?